物流
Hello, thank you for your feedback and we are sorry for the inconvenience. Customer satisfaction is of the utmost importance and we are constantly working to improve our service quality. If your items do not arrive, arrive damaged, or do not match the description or photos, you will be offered a full refund under Temu's Purchase Protection program (https://www.temu.com/temu-purchase-protection.html). To apply for a refund, login to the Temu app or Temu.com with the account used for your order, open the "Your orders" page, and click "Return/Refund." If you wouldn't mind sending your order ID, please contact us through Temu.com or Temu app live chat so we can help you resolve your issue. Best wishes, Temu team

商品>质量差
Hello, thank you for shopping on Temu! Your feedback is extremely valuable to us and we are sorry that you are not satisfied with some of your items. We implement strict policies and control measures to ensure product quality and accurate product descriptions. If you are not satisfied with any items you receive, you may apply for a refund within 90 days of purchase. Temu's Purchase Protection program offers full refunds if your items do not arrive, arrive damaged, or do not match the description or photos (https://www.temu.com/temu-purchase-protection.html). To apply for a refund, login to the Temu app or Temu.com with the account used for your order, open the "Your orders" page, and click "Return/Refund." For detailed return instructions, please visit https://www.temu.com/return-and-refund-policy.html. The first return for each order is free and you can choose to receive your refund back to your original payment method or as Temu credits. Temu credits will appear in your Temu credit balance within 3 minutes and can be used immediately. If you choose to receive your refund back to your original payment method, please allow 5-14 business days for it to appear since timing depends on your financial institution. If you need further assistance, please message us through Temu.com or Temu app live chat. Best wishes, Temu team

商品>错发
Hello, thank you for reaching out and we are sorry that you are experiencing difficulties with your order. If you received the wrong items, you may apply for a refund by messaging us through Temu.com or Temu app live chat. Simply type "wrong item" into the chat, select the item from your order that is wrong, and follow the directions on the screen to complete your refund application. You can choose to receive your refund back to your original payment method or as Temu credits. Temu credits will appear in your Temu credit balance within 3 minutes and can be used immediately. If you choose to receive your refund back to your original payment method, please allow 5-14 business days for it to appear since timing depends on your financial institution. If you need further assistance, please message us through Temu.com or Temu app live chat, so we can help you. Best wishes, Temu team

商品>漏发
Hello, thank you for reaching out and we are sorry that you are experiencing difficulties with your orders. If you have missing items from your orders, you may apply for a refund by messaging us through Temu.com or Temu app live chat. Simply type "missing item" into the chat, select the item from your order that is missing, and follow the directions on the screen to complete your refund application. You can choose to receive your refund back to your original payment method or as Temu credits. Temu credits will appear in your Temu credit balance within 3 minutes and can be used immediately. If you choose to receive your refund back to your original payment method, please allow 5-14 business days for it to appear since timing depends on your financial institution. If you need further assistance, please message us through Temu.com or Temu app live chat, so we can help you. Best wishes, Temu team

商品>侵权
Hello, thank you for your feedback. Temu is committed to protecting intellectual property rights and has strict policies against the listing or sale of products that violates any third-party’s trademark, copyright or patent rights. Please click https://www.temu.com/intellectual-property-complaint.html for intellectual property issues. Our dedicated team will investigate and respond quickly by removing or disabling access to any infringing material. Customer satisfaction is of the utmost importance and we are constantly working to improve our service quality. If you need any further assistance, please contact us again through Temu.com or Temu app live chat so we can help resolve your issue. Best wishes, Temu team

退货退款
Hello, thank you for reaching out and we are sorry you are experiencing difficulties with your orders. We care most about customer satisfaction and are always striving to improve. Your case is out of the norm. Please message us through Temu.com or Temu app live chat. We are eager to help you find a resolution. Best wishes, Temu team

活动 // 拉新类活动，活动意在拉取新用户
Hello, thank you for shopping on Temu! We are sorry that you are having trouble participating in one of our activities. If you are not getting credit for an invite, please make sure that the invitee is a New User who is defined as a real person who (1) never had a Temu account before, and (2) within 24 hours after downloading Temu App the first time, registered a Temu account and joined the Referral Program by clicking on the unique link you shared. If you need help verifying your invites, please do not hesitate to message us on Temu.com or Temu app live chat. We would be happy to further assist. Best wishes, Temu team

活动 // 非拉新类活动，活动并非希望拉取新用户
Hello, thank you for participating in our promotional activities and we are sorry that you are experiencing difficulties with your rewards. Customer satisfaction is of the utmost importance and we are constantly working to improve our service quality. For help with your concerns, please contact us again through Temu.com or Temu app live chat so we can help you investigate right away. Have a great day! Best wishes, Temu Team

信息泄露/安全
Hello, thank you for your feedback. Temu is an e-commerce company that connects consumers with a network of merchandise partners, manufacturers and brands with the mission to empower consumers to live their best lives. Temu works closely with its network of merchandise partners, manufacturers, brands to create and curate quality products for consumers to enjoy the conveniences and comforts of life. With our strict privacy policy and proprietary data protection system, you can trust Temu to keep your information safe. Customer satisfaction is our number one priority and we are constantly working to improve our service quality. If you have any additional questions or concerns, please message us on our Temu.com or Temu app live chat. Best wishes, Temu team

信息轰炸/推送
Hello, thank you for your feedback. Customer satisfaction is of the utmost importance and we are constantly working to improve our service quality. To manage your notification settings, please go to ‘Settings’ in your Temu app or on Temu.com, select ‘Notifications’ and then ‘Edit’ to adjust preferences for alerts. If you are using Gmail, you may also click on the ‘More’ button in the upper right corner of the email and choose “Stop seeing this Ad”. Additionally, we also noticed an increase in phishing emails falsely claiming to be from Temu. Your online security is crucial, so please exercise caution and verify the authenticity of such emails. If you need further assistance, please message us through Temu.com or Temu app live chat. Best wishes, Temu Team

非平台投诉
Hello, thank you for reaching out to us. It's possible that you may have made the purchase through a different platform or retailer. We kindly ask you to double-check your order confirmation email and the platform through which the order was placed. We understand how important it is to provide a reliable and efficient customer service experience. For future reference, you can contact our customer support team via the live chat feature. Best wishes, Temu team

诈骗网站
Hello, thank you for bringing this matter to our attention. The activity is not affiliated with Temu. We would like to remind you not to trust any of these fake companies or advertisements impersonating Temu. If you have already made purchases via any copycat company, we recommend that you contact your bank immediately to report the issue and seek assistance. Please be assured that we take this matter very seriously and reserve the right to pursue legal action against these copycat companies. If you have any further questions or concerns, please do not hesitate to message us through Temu.com or Temu app live chat. Best wishes, Temu Team

订单>最低金额门槛
Hello, thank you for your valuable feedback. To support our commitment to sustainability, we encourage customers to meet a minimum order value so that we can more efficiently utilize the available packing space from bags, to our shipping boxes, and containers. By fully allocating the available packing spaces, we reduce the number of boxes used and number of trips made for our deliveries, which helps to reduce carbon emissions to the environment. However, we understand your concern about the policy and will share your feedback to our team for further review. Thank you for helping us understand and serve our customers better. Best wishes, Temu team

盗刷
Hello, thank you for reaching out and we are sorry about your experience. You may be a victim of fraud or unauthorized access to your account. We strongly suggest that you contact the company or bank that issued the credit card or debit card immediately. You will need to inform them that you have fraudulent charges and ask them to reverse the transactions for you. We will do our best to assist you and cooperate with the bank on this. Please understand that we are also a victim, not the perpetrator. If you have any further questions or concerns, please do not hesitate to message us through Temu.com or Temu app live chat. Best wishes, Temu team

风控>风控砍单
Hello, thank you for your feedback! We are sorry for the inconvenience caused. We have detected unusual activities on your account. To protect you, our system temporarily froze the account, canceled and refunded your order to your original payment method. If you wish to avoid potential cancellation of subsequent orders, please verify ownership of the payment method or shipping address used on this order. Temu works closely with its global network of suppliers to create and curate quality products for consumers to enjoy the conveniences and comforts of life. With our strict privacy policy and proprietary data protection system, you can trust Temu to keep your information safe. Customer satisfaction is our number one priority and we are constantly working to improve our service quality. If you need further assistance, please message us through Temu.com or Temu app live chat. Best wishes, Temu team

无具体投诉事项 // 普通回复
Hello, thank you for your feedback. Temu is an e-commerce company that connects consumers with a network of merchandise partners, manufacturers and brands with the mission to empower consumers to live their best lives. Temu works closely with its global network of suppliers to create and curate quality products for consumers to enjoy the conveniences and comforts of life. Customer satisfaction is our number one priority and we are constantly working to improve our service quality. If you have any additional questions or concerns, please message us on our Temu.com or Temu app live chat. Best wishes, Temu team

无具体投诉事项 // 非常规引导客服，或者超出一般的问题分类标准
Hello, thank you for reaching out to us. We are sorry for any inconvenience caused. Your case is out of the norm. Customer satisfaction is of the utmost importance to us and we are constantly working to improve our service quality. You can visit www.temu.com/support-center.html for customer service contacts. We appreciate you giving us another chance to serve you. Best wishes, Temu team

无敌万能 // 其他所有类型
Hello, thank you for reaching out to us. We are sorry for any inconvenience caused. Customer satisfaction is of the utmost importance and we are constantly working to improve our service quality. We will follow up on this matter. If you need further assistance, please message us through Temu.com or Temu app live chat. We appreciate you giving us another chance to serve you. Best wishes, Temu team